Deprecate x-extensible-enum (#837)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/compatibility.adoc

  fallback / default behavior for unknown new values, see  <<108>>.
* API owners must take care to extend these extensible enums in a compatible way, i.e.
  not changing the semantics of already existing / documented values.
* API implementations should validate the values provided with the input payload and only accept
  values listed in `examples`. The list should not be reduced for inputs (that would be an incompatible change).
* Before additional values are accepted or returned, API owners should update the API description and extend
  the `examples` list, see <<107>>.

(Note that the last 3 bullet points do not apply for uses of `examples` _without_ the
 "Extensible enum." prefix in the description – here any value fitting the rest
 of the schema needs to be expected.)

Note that the plural `examples` on schemas was only introduced with OpenAPI 3.1 (with an update of the JSON schema version referenced).
APIs defined with older OpenAPI versions can't use this format, and instead need to use
the {x-extensible-enum} described below↓.

=== Historic Note: `x-extensible-enum`

Previously (until October 2025), this guideline recommended a proprietary

> {x-extensible-enum} JSON schema extension, with a similar semantic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON schema extension {x-extensible-enum} with a similar semantic:
```

    - PARCEL
    - LETTER
    - EMAIL
  description: The chosen delivery method of the invoice.
----

Until all existing APIs using this have been updated, API providers and consumers

> still need to follow the rules under "Important" above for these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "important" rules above apply in an analog way for API providers and consumers using {x-extensible-enum}.
```
